README.markdown, before:

# blank

This is a blank puppet module.

*NOTE:* Check README1st.markdown for usage of the blank puppet module template.

# Licensing

Update your license details here.

# Attribution

This module is derived from the puppet-blank module by Aaron Hicks (aethylred@gmail.com)

* https://github.com/Aethylred/puppet-blank

This module has been developed for the use with Open Source Puppet (Apache 2.0 license) for automating server & service deployment.

* http://puppetlabs.com/puppet/puppet-open-source/

# Gnu General Public License

This file is part of the blank Puppet module.

The blank Puppet module is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

The blank Puppet module is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with the blank Puppet module.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Update README and Modulefile with project details

README.markdown, after:

# RRD

This is a Puppet Module for installing and configuring the [Round Robin Database](http://oss.oetiker.ch/rrdtool/) tools, cache, and bindings.


# Dependencies

* [stdlib](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-stdlib)

# Attribution

This module is derived from the puppet-blank module by Aaron Hicks (aethylred@gmail.com)

* https://github.com/Aethylred/puppet-blank

This module has been developed for the use with Open Source Puppet (Apache 2.0 license) for automating server & service deployment.

* http://puppetlabs.com/puppet/puppet-open-source/

# Gnu General Public License

This file is part of the blank Puppet module.

The blank Puppet module is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

The blank Puppet module is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with the blank Puppet module.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
